We have broken up
I shouldn't be sad that he got married
Can't help it
Mommy, don't be sad anymore
Grandma forced Daddy to marry Jiang Xue
He can't help it.
If you let them get married
I will call Jiang Xue Mommy in the future.
Then I'll be at home like hell
Doudou, don't cry
Don't worry.
Your father can't marry Jiang Xue to be your mother
I won't watch you live a hard life
Gu Zhenting, with your personality
Your mother interfered with you
Jiang Xue must be the one you are willing to marry
This marriage won't work with me
I'm not for you.
It's for Doudou
I can't let a vicious woman be a bean
Mommy
I want to stop Gu Zhenting from getting married
You have to get it. Jiang Xue and Doudou are not related by blood
Evidence of relationship
Jiang Xue may have his hair on his desk
Jiang Xue, what do you mean?
You are fired as of today
Take your things and leave
I am the design director of the clothing department
Only the president can fire me
Brother Zhenting is about to choose a day to marry me
I will soon be the young lady of the story
I mean what he means